(DOCSP-24560): Sync data from multiple processes (#2104)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/flutter/sync/sync-multiple-processes.txt

.. _flutter-sync-multiple-processes:

=================================
Sync Data from Multiple Processes
=================================

You can use a single realm database to synchronize data from multiple processes
using Atlas Device Sync.

Examples of scenarios where you might want to open a synced realm in a multiple

> process include:

Reviewer: Required fix:
"Examples of scenarios where you might want to open a synced realm in a multiple process include:" 

The fragment "in a multiple process" isn't correct. Did you mean: "in multiple processes"?

Author: yes

- A multi-window desktop application where each window writes to the same synced realm.
- A server application that writes to a synced realm from multiple processes.

On a high level, syncing data to a realm from multiple processes consists
of the following:

#. Creating a single **main process** that opens a Realm using a standard flexible

>    sync configuration. The main process handles synchronization.

Reviewer: So the secondary processes write to a realm and notify the main process & data can only be synced from the single main process?

Author: yes

#. Creating one or more **secondary processes** that open the same realm using a

>    disconnected sync configuration. The secondary processes can read

Reviewer: What is a disconnected sync configuration?

Author: that's the technical term the dart sdk team is using -https://pub.dev/documentation/realm/latest/realm/Configuration/disconnectedSync.html

i will clarify the text to be clearer on what this means

.. _flutter-sync-multiple-processes:

=================================
Sync Data from Multiple Processes
=================================

You can use a single realm database to synchronize data from multiple processes
using Atlas Device Sync.

Examples of scenarios where you might want to open a synced realm
in multiple processes include:

- A multi-window desktop application where each window writes to the same synced realm.
- A server application that writes to a synced realm from multiple processes.

On a high level, syncing data to a realm from multiple processes consists
of the following:

#. Creating a single **main process** that opens a Realm using a standard flexible
   sync configuration. The main process handles synchronization.
#. Creating one or more **secondary processes** that open the same realm using a

>    disconnected sync configuration. Using a disconnected sync configuration,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   disconnected sync configuration. If you use a disconnected sync configuration,
```

The fragment "Using a disconnected sync configuration" reads kinda weirdly, and makes you wonder 'who is using'
